A caller wants two things: who changed it, and what it said before.
p02
Two pages answer that between them, and you read them in order.
p03
One rule before you start.
p04
The audit trail is read only.
p05
It's only worth anything because nobody corrects it.
p06
Open IT and Support, then Audit.
p07
You land on the Audit Log, and the sidebar lists three pages.
p08
You need two of them today: the Audit Log for who did what,
p09
and Change History for the before and after.
p10
User Activity is login history.
p11
That one belongs to a different playbook.
p12
Read the log.
p13
Seven columns tell you who touched the record, when,
p14
from which location, and from which IP address.
p15
The change you're chasing is an Updated row.
p16
Settings changes land here too, with the module reading Settings.
p17
Don't scroll a busy log.
p18
Filter it, or search it.
p19
Now the page the caller actually wants.
p20
In the sidebar, click Change History.
p21
One quirk from today's capture: typing its address directly returned a four oh four.
p22
So you reach it this way, through the audit sidebar, not by URL.
p23
Narrow it to the record.
p24
Filter down to the module in question so one record's changes stand alone.
p25
You're reading a history, not editing one.
p26
And here's the answer.
p27
Each change is recorded at field level: the field, its old value, its new value,
p28
with the user and the timestamp.
p29
That row is, literally, what was it before.
p30
Now put the two pages together.
p31
Change History gives you the field and the exact old and new values.
p32
The Audit Log gives you the user, the date and time, and the IP address it came from.
p33
The price changed is not an answer.
p34
The two values are.
p35
Write the packet.
p36
The record, the field, both values, the user, the timestamp, the IP address, and screenshots.
p37
You never reverse the change from here.
p38
A correction happens in the record's own module, or gets escalated.
p39
And if the change looks unauthorized, that's a security escalation,
p40
and the next tier wants the IP and the user first.
p41
That's the order.
p42
Audit Log first, for who, when, where, and which IP.
p43
Change History second, for the field-level old to new.
p44
Then the exact answer, or a clean escalation.
p45
Nothing edited, nothing touched.